Update alternative-text.md (#8489)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/content/alternative-text.md

  - accessible components
---

Alt text is a text replacement for an image. Generally, it is represented by the alt HTML element attribute `alt="alt text"`. 

Screen readers announce alt text to explain images to people with low or loss of vision. Alt text also displays if images fail to download (for example, there’s an unstable or low-bandwidth network connection).

Alt text should:

- Help visitors navigate the site
- Provide an inclusive experience
- Be as short and specific as possible
- Be contextual to the intended message

---

## Alt text for images

Use alt text when the image conveys valuable information, such as the ability to play a demo video. Even if an image isn’t conveying meaningful information, don’t leave an <img> tag without an alt text element. The screen reader may try to read the filename and create a negative experience. Instead, let the screen reader know to ignore the image by setting the alt to an empty string.

All `<img>` tags need an alt text attribute, even if it’s empty. For example, set an empty alt text attribute using `<img alt="" />`.  

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

> `<img alt="Watch how-to video on Shopify reports." />`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<VideoThumbnail accessibilityLabel="Watch how-to video on Shopify reports." />`
`<Thumbnail alt="Black choker necklace" />`
`<Icon accessibilityLabel="" />`
```

#### Don’t
`IMG_1206.heic`
`Screenshot 2022-11-07 at 3.05.55 PM`

> `Sneaker.png`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<Icon accessibilityLabel="IMG_1206.heic" />`
`<VideoThumbnail accessibilityLabel="Screenshot 2022-11-07 at 3.05.55 PM" />`
`<Thumbnail alt="Sneaker.png" />`
```

---

## Alt text in context

It can be tricky to decide whether an image needs alt text or should be ignored by screen readers. Ask yourself:
- Is it interactive?
- Does this image convey information that isn’t given elsewhere?
- Does the context of the image communicate anything? 

The same image may have different alt text depending on what it conveys. 

For example, if you’re using a photo of sneakers purely decoratively as the hero image for a blog, tell screen readers to skip it. 

If you’re using the photo as an example of a certain type of sneaker mentioned in the blog, then convey relevant information about the image. For example, “High-top sneaker with gum soles.” 

But if you’re using this image in a product listing, ensure shoppers know the important details of what they are buying, such as “Converse Chuck Taylor All Star Classic Black.”

### Situations that need alt text

#### Icons

[Icons](/components/images-and-icons/icon) that could be misinterpreted need an explanation, so use the Polaris `accessibilityLabel` prop or the `aria-label` HTML attribute. For interactive icons, don’t describe the image (“magnifying glass”). Instead, describe the action (“search”).

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

> <Button accessibilityLabel="close" onClick={() => closeModal()} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Button accessibilityLabel="close" onClick={() => close()}>
  <Icon source={CancelMajor} />
</Button>
```

```

#### Actions

Write [clear and predictable](https://polaris.shopify.com/content/actionable-language#links) link text. If space constraints require you to write calls to action that are unclear where they take you (like “Learn more” and “Apply now”), give further indication of where merchants will be sent after they select.

```html
<Link url="https://www.shopify.com/protect" accessibilityLabel=”Learn more about Fraud Protect”>Learn more</Link>
```

#### Complex images

> Images with more complexity need more logic in the code. For example, groups of image elements can be described by a single text, rather than announcing each individual element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images with more complexity need some consideration. For example, groups of image elements can be described by a single text, rather than announcing each individual element.
```
I'm not sure if "consideration" is the best but "logic in the code" doesn't sound right to me

```html
<Stack role=”img” accessibilityLabel=”star_id”>
	<Icon source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
<Icon  source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
<Icon  source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
<Icon  source={StarOutlineMinor} alt=””>
</Stack>

> <Stack id=”star_id”>3 of 5 stars</Stack>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Box role=”img” accessibilityLabel=”3 of 5 stars”>
  <Stack>
    <Icon source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
    <Icon  source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
    <Icon  source={StarFilledMinor} alt=””>
    <Icon  source={StarOutlineMinor} alt=””>
    <Icon  source={StarOutlineMinor} alt=””>
  </Stack>
</Box>
```

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

```html
<html lang="en"></html>
<html lang="de"></html>
<html lang="pt-BR"></html>
```

#### Don’t

```html
<html></html>
```

<!-- end -->

---

## SEO

Besides screen readers, search engines also read alt text. Alt text helps increase image ranking results and site searchability outside of Shopify’s admin.

When accounting for SEO in your alt text:
- Use logical keywords (the words that people search for).
- Include relevant listing details, like if it is a limited edition or unique colorway.
- Describe the image, not what you want your audience to think.
- Don’t repeat your site name or brand name. Search engines will already associate your site with your images.
- Avoid reducing the relevance or clarity of the alt text just to insert a keyword.
- Never include unassociated lists of key words in the alt text. Instead, place those in your [meta description](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/promoting-marketing/seo/adding-keywords#edit-the-title-and-meta-description-for-a-page).

<!-- dodont -->

#### Do

> ``` <img alt=”1460 Boot Limited Edition Oxblood Women's”>```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
<Thumbnail alt=”1460 Boot Limited Edition Oxblood Women's” />
```.
```

(remove the `.`, just added it so the backticks show up)

#### Don’t

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

> <img alt=”shoes sneakers womens footwear girls sizes soles heels boots”>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Thumbnail alt=”shoes sneakers womens footwear girls sizes soles heels boots” />
```

> <img alt=”Cool shoes for a night out or hot date”>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Thumbnail alt=”Cool shoes for a night out or hot date” />
```
